Hello, I want to present to your
attention to such an interesting thing
which can be called her cauldron or
pan firm bernard but history
the origin of what color so actually
speaking principle gave her wife said
but since you are sometimes ready for family points
here you will be so special
thing in which you can cook
convenient pilaf that's what interests me
The principle is interesting first of all as well
usually principle I say cook ordinary
pan pan so normal
good is a stainless steel pot with
thick fat bottom in principle this
enough
that's generally enough before
we continue means it turns out unlike
pots just the point is that this
such a wonderful pot she is big
heavy and in her
when you cook in principle and it turns out
you can better heat up the heat
almost here and then she
accordingly it is better to keep warm there
but it turns out so here actually
interesting but bought it there for shares
it costs to me it seems there let's say the area
1000 rubles well, so we have more than a thousand
somewhere there will not be a thousand plus
speak there exactly and that cost
Okay, I will unpack I show our company myself
On itself burner well in firms like she
you yourself German here
in general, is there such a small
the inscription where it says that after all
made it in china
what do we have here suppliers bernard
group russia moscow avenue vernadskogo
manufacturer
word word
groups shorter is obtained with control china
Well actually I want to say
what is actually in general then this
enough such a normal quality
dishes
so you can treat her
kindly
all open show open
open here so it looks inside
we take out we remove 1 glass bag
cap I can say
cover this very unpretentious usual
glass
proboscis is normal so well yes
for example, with respect to the rim
of course maybe there wanted more
such a powerful thick rim
lid with a rivet it is not screwed in
Generally it is good or bad to say
Well, everything is fine there is such a brand
the inscription and the cauldron itself there is a Kazakh pot
the pan turns out such here
they have the ear of the brain actually say
iron
inside teflon coating is not here
such an understanding let's say there is a thick bottom
it is simply here is such thick in
in general, everything is now taken from and weighed
I will say how much the piece weighs probably all
so it is thoroughly kilogram probably
several two exceptions
Here we take the scales
turn on
set
two one hundred eighty eight point 2088
if you add a cover from the circle more
respectively 2 802 892 total three
kilo is obtained along with the cap here
so that's an interesting thing that has
You can say about her that she is important.
be there any garbage use for
this there what teflon bamboo
and the rest of the spatula here I have under
two such shoulder blades
which now seems to be in trend and
fashionable can you recommend from
it turns out such a pen from org glass
and here what silicone tip well
here it is some kind of ordinary
this production company samura
Japan I like this more
because she is so more elastic more
tough basically perfectly normal
there to judge this is she so somehow
more so soft very this
i'm not very comfortable at least
the wife says that she is comfortable for example
tell us what kind of oil there is or
smear the rest of the pan when
bake it well, damn it, he knows
pancakes there or something else but I tell you
there you will in principle be asked
aim to pick up all such accessory then
Take the best that could have ie
still good different at least
particular samuro
she's so tight hard on principle
that's not glue not blamed
that is, here is such a thing
bothers you well actually here
what can i say once probably i
try you can understand cook
anything and maybe even take it off
video about cooking there is a cult
ordinary pilaf I have one video I
I would not say that he would like so much
liked or disliked well
at least probably
maybe someone will be interested
cook what kind of chicken is bad in
This Kazan checks and show well, in principle
it is not important you here is the result
of this action so all
buy all sorts of life miracles and
be happy and happy all bye